c:\users\multi09\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot\Bot\bin\Debug\Bot.exe.config
c:\users\multi09\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot\Bot\bin\Debug\Bot.exe
c:\users\multi09\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot\Bot\bin\Debug\Bot.pdb
c:\users\multi09\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot\Bot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Commands.dll
c:\users\multi09\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot\Bot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.dll
c:\users\multi09\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot\Bot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\multi09\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot\Bot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.dll
c:\users\multi09\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot\Bot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.dll
c:\users\multi09\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot\Bot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.dll
c:\users\multi09\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot\Bot\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
c:\users\multi09\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot\Bot\bin\Debug\WebSocket4Net.dll
c:\users\multi09\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot\Bot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\multi09\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot\Bot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.xml
c:\users\multi09\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot\Bot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.xml
c:\users\multi09\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot\Bot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.xml
c:\users\multi09\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot\Bot\bin\Debug\RestSharp.xml
c:\users\multi09\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot\Bot\obj\Debug\Bot.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\multi09\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot\Bot\obj\Debug\Bot.exe
c:\users\multi09\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot\Bot\obj\Debug\Bot.pdb
C:\Users\Multi09\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\Bot\bin\Debug\Bot.exe.config
C:\Users\Multi09\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\Bot\obj\Debug\Bot.exe
C:\Users\Multi09\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\Bot\obj\Debug\Bot.pdb
C:\Users\Multi09\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\Bot\bin\Debug\Bot.exe
C:\Users\Multi09\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\Bot\bin\Debug\Bot.pdb
C:\Users\Multi09\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\Bot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Commands.dll
C:\Users\Multi09\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\Bot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.dll
C:\Users\Multi09\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\Bot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Multi09\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\Bot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.dll
C:\Users\Multi09\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\Bot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.dll
C:\Users\Multi09\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\Bot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.dll
C:\Users\Multi09\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\Bot\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
C:\Users\Multi09\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\Bot\bin\Debug\WebSocket4Net.dll
C:\Users\Multi09\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\Bot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Multi09\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\Bot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.xml
C:\Users\Multi09\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\Bot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.xml
C:\Users\Multi09\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\Bot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.xml
C:\Users\Multi09\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\Bot\bin\Debug\RestSharp.xml
C:\Users\Multi09\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\Bot\obj\Debug\Bot.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Kristian\Source\Repos\DiscordBot\Bot\bin\Debug\Bot.exe.config
C:\Users\Kristian\Source\Repos\DiscordBot\Bot\bin\Debug\airHorn.mp4
C:\Users\Kristian\Source\Repos\DiscordBot\Bot\bin\Debug\Audio\libsodium.dll
C:\Users\Kristian\Source\Repos\DiscordBot\Bot\bin\Debug\Audio\opus.dll
C:\Users\Kristian\Source\Repos\DiscordBot\Bot\bin\Debug\ffmpeg.exe
C:\Users\Kristian\Source\Repos\DiscordBot\Bot\bin\Debug\libsodium.dll
C:\Users\Kristian\Source\Repos\DiscordBot\Bot\bin\Debug\opus.dll
C:\Users\Kristian\Source\Repos\DiscordBot\Bot\bin\Debug\Bot.exe
C:\Users\Kristian\Source\Repos\DiscordBot\Bot\bin\Debug\Bot.pdb
C:\Users\Kristian\Source\Repos\DiscordBot\Bot\bin\Debug\Cleverbot.Net.dll
C:\Users\Kristian\Source\Repos\DiscordBot\Bot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Audio.dll
C:\Users\Kristian\Source\Repos\DiscordBot\Bot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Commands.dll
C:\Users\Kristian\Source\Repos\DiscordBot\Bot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.dll
C:\Users\Kristian\Source\Repos\DiscordBot\Bot\bin\Debug\NAudio.dll
C:\Users\Kristian\Source\Repos\DiscordBot\Bot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Kristian\Source\Repos\DiscordBot\Bot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.dll
C:\Users\Kristian\Source\Repos\DiscordBot\Bot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.dll
C:\Users\Kristian\Source\Repos\DiscordBot\Bot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.dll
C:\Users\Kristian\Source\Repos\DiscordBot\Bot\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
C:\Users\Kristian\Source\Repos\DiscordBot\Bot\bin\Debug\WebSocket4Net.dll
C:\Users\Kristian\Source\Repos\DiscordBot\Bot\bin\Debug\NAudio.xml
C:\Users\Kristian\Source\Repos\DiscordBot\Bot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Kristian\Source\Repos\DiscordBot\Bot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.xml
C:\Users\Kristian\Source\Repos\DiscordBot\Bot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.xml
C:\Users\Kristian\Source\Repos\DiscordBot\Bot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.xml
C:\Users\Kristian\Source\Repos\DiscordBot\Bot\bin\Debug\RestSharp.xml
C:\Users\Kristian\Source\Repos\DiscordBot\Bot\obj\Debug\Bot.exe
C:\Users\Kristian\Source\Repos\DiscordBot\Bot\obj\Debug\Bot.pdb
C:\Users\Kristian\Source\Repos\DiscordBot\Bot\obj\Debug\Bot.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Kristian\Source\Repos\DiscordBot\Bot\bin\Debug\YoutubeExtractor.dll
C:\Users\Kristian\Source\Repos\DiscordBot\Bot\bin\Debug\YoutubeExtractor.xml
C:\Users\Kristian\Source\Repos\DiscordBot\Bot\bin\Debug\YoutubeSearch.dll
C:\Users\Kristian\Source\Repos\DiscordBot\Bot\bin\Debug\libvideo.dll
